What was your favorite part of the class?
That you were so receptive to our feedback. My kid would need my attention a few times during class and I'd blink then become immediately lost in the code that was missed so I depend on the recorded videos A LOT. Pushing the due date for assignments until midnight still gave me that saturday to work on the lab that was due so I'm eternally grateful for that! 

What was your least favorite part of the class?
Initially was trying to follow along as quickly as you can code.  I felt like if I didn't get the code correct the first time, you'd move on and I couldnt get back on track. I didn't want to ask questions during the class for fear of holding everyone else behind so I'd just rely on the recordings like I mentioned above, so that's the easy solution. 

Do you have any suggestions for how the instructor could improve the class experience for future students?
Encourage students to turn on their camera! You're right when you say that it feels so cold and impersonal to talk to a silent screen and I wanted to turn my camera on but didn't want to be the only one :')

I'm unsure whether you're going to read all of this but I figure its worth saying regardless. Thank you for all your help during this cohort experience.  I tried to learn python in my early 20s simultaneously alongside SQL and boy was that a bad choice. I kept mixing up syntax and commands across both languages. I always thought coding beyond SQL was way over my head but your interest in the field kept me motivated and kept me going.  Side note, I listen to this podcast called "Ologies" where experts in a field discuss their subject and you can always sense their passion through their interview. The passion ends up rubbing off on me and suddenly i spark interest in arborology or something obscure like that. Anyhow, that's the same sentiment I gathered from attending your classes and I want to run with it. I want to continue getting my feet wet in the python world and try my luck at using it towards my every day work. Thank you again and keep on living your best Joshua Tree life. 